<h1>COMP 1537 Web Dev: The Interactive Hangman Project</h1>
<h3>Group E2: Linda Nguyen, Geun Uoo Kim, Chen Wei Lee</h3>
<p>The essential gameplay will be carried out based on “guess the word” game. The game is recommended to be played with multiplayers, which will be made using firebase. The player needs get his/her target letter by running for the letter which will be placed at the opposite side of the starting point. The more letters the player has successfully taken, the more points the player will earn.<br><br>
The game will begin with all players stationed in their base and the blank whiteboards that represent the guessing word, which will be a word chosen by a certain player: a random player in the beginning, and a highest scorer, which will get determined in the first round. The players will have the control of the character by using the arrow key, and by using object constructors, we will display the letters dynamically at the specific section of the screen. When the players reach to their targeted letters, they can press ‘z’ key to deprive it back to their base. If the player has brought a correct letter, the letter will get displayed on one of the whiteboards and the player will earn a point. If the player brings a wrong letter or fails to bring any letter within the time limit, he/she will lose a point. If a player quits during the game, the player will not be able to return.<br><br>
Competitive-scoring system:
The scoring system will be competition-based. Each player will be able to snatch other player’s possessed letter by chasing after the opponent and pressing ‘z’ key when they get to the opponent. The competition will intensify as carrying a letter is going to slow down the player’s running speed. The players start with 7 points. If player has successfully brought the letter, he/she will earn 9 points. If player returns with a wrong letter, he/she will lose 3 points. However, if player fails to come back to his/her base within the time limit, he/she will lose 5 points.
If player’s point drops down to 0, the player gets eliminated.<br><br>
When the game ends?
The game ends if all players fail to return to the base or by simply quitting the game. When the whiteboards get fully filled with the letters of the guessing word, the next word will be selected by the high scorer. The game will continue with all players including the eliminated players in the previous round starting with 6 points. For the rests, their scores will retain in the next round.</p>